so it looks like you're doing well
you're on the right bus headed in the
right direction
this area looks familiar I think we're
almost there if you know your stop is
coming next pull the cord to let the
driver know that you'd like to get off
the bus if you're the first person to
pull the cord
you'll hear a ding any time someone
pulls the cord the digital display says
stop requested pushing this button also
lets the driver know that you'd like to
get off at the next stop but make sure
you pull the cord or push this button
before you get to your stop
remember pulling the cord doesn't mean
that the bus will stop immediately the
bus can only stop in safe places so be
patient the bus will stop you're in a
moving vehicle so hold on to the safety
bars you don't want to lose your balance
wait patiently behind the yellow line
until the bus has come to a complete
stop if you want to be sure that you're
at the right stuff just ask the driver
is this 83rd Street that's a bit wait
then charlie everyday
uh-oh if you realize that you're in the
wrong place and you're feeling worried
remember lots of us have been in your
situation good thing you're prepared
with tools for times like these here's
what you can do first find out where you
are by walking to the nearest
intersection
if you want to try and make it back on
your own
call the RTA travel information hotline
and ask for directions
let your supporter know what's happening
Richard too many legs I just call me
tailbone information center and they
just gave me two boxes together
are reunited at last
here's what we learned today watch the
digital display or listen to audio cues
to know where you are
pull the cord when your stop is next
hold on tight for your safety wait till
the bus is stopped before getting off
lost see street signs to learn where you
are ask for help and let your supporter
know
you